---
title: Teaching Methods
author: nudge
date: 2019-04-29
category: J
layout: post
---

## Case-Based Learning


In Case-Based Learning, students cultivate analytical reasoning and evaluative insights by examining and deliberating over intricate, real-world situations.
<br>
[Case Method Teaching and Learning (Columbia University)](https://ctl.columbia.edu/resources-and-technology/resources/case-method/)
Columbia University's guide details case method teaching strategies, emphasizing student roles in discussions, the integration of instructional technology, and aligning with course learning objectives to optimize case-based learning.
<br>

[Sample Class (Harvard Business School)](https://www.hbs.edu/teaching/case-method/Pages/sample-class.aspx)
The article provides insights into case method teaching at Harvard Business School using the R.R. Donnelley & Sons case as an example.
<br>

[Yale's Approach to Case-Based Learning](https://poorvucenter.yale.edu/strategic-resources-digital-publications/strategies-teaching/case-based-learning)
Yale University's article emphasizes the efficacy of Case-based Learning (CBL) as a teaching method rooted in constructivism. It showcases the power of storytelling in CBL, propelling deeper cognitive engagement. Employed across diverse fields like medicine and law, CBL distinguishes itself with its guided inquiry, differing from Problem-based Learning (PBL). The piece also offers educators actionable advice on case selection and in-class execution to bolster student participation and achievement.
<br>
<br>
<br>

## Problem/Project-Based Learning
Problem-Based Learning (PBL) integrates teaching methods and curricular content through thoughtfully crafted real-world problems. These problems compel students to employ problem-solving tactics, harness self-guided learning, collaborate in teams, and apply domain-specific knowledge. This approach not only focuses on content acquisition but also fosters critical soft skills.
<br>

[Problem-Based Learning Clearinghouse (University of Delaware)](https://itue.udel.edu/pbl/problems/) The University of Delaware's PBL Clearinghouse is a curated repository offering quality-reviewed PBL cases and articles across multiple disciplines. Designed for educators, it provides structured problems and guidance on effective PBL implementation, serving as a comprehensive resource for enhancing student-centered learning.
<br>

[Harvard's PBL teaching practice](https://instructionalmoves.gse.harvard.edu/project-based-learning) Instructor Eric Mazur from Harvard’s School of Engineering shares strategies for implementing project-based learning with undergraduates.
<br>

[Getting Started with Project-Based Learning（Columbia University）](https://ctl.columbia.edu/resources-and-technology/resources/project-based-learning/) In this article, Columbia University offers guidance on PBL and shares some valuable resources for educators.

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>



