---
title: Instructional Sample
author: nudge
date: 2021-08-10
category: J
layout: post
---
<br>

**We’ve compiled a range of instructional and experiential cases from leading academic institutions to provide our instructors with practical insights.**
<br>
<br>

 [ 🔗 ](http://ka-au.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/KAAU_LessonPlan_mappingutopias.pdf) <span style="color:#ffb300;">MAPPING UTOPIAS</span> The workshop was conducted by the Knowledge Alliance for Advanced Urbanism, co-funded by the Erasmus+ Programme of the European Union. 
The workshop focused on using sensors and/or drones to capture data from public spaces, process the data, and create dynamic alternative cartographies of the public space based on data such as environmental data and flow patterns.

The case data were collected using on-site sensors, a technique that might be challenging to implement in online courses. Therefore, instructors may need to modify this approach to suit the practical limitations of online teaching.


[ 🔗 ](https://itue.udel.edu/pbl/problems/entry/43/)<span style="color:#ffb300;">CAN YOU SPARE A KIDNEY FOR OUR SON?</span>  The issue of the shortage of transplantable kidneys is of growing significance and concern worldwide. In this multipart problem-based learning project, students are asked to approach the issue from an economic perspective. The content was developed for and class tested in several sections of the Principles of Microeconomics classes at the American University of Armenia. However, it could easily be adapted for use in any country.

<br>
<br>
<br>


<span style="color: gray">Disclaimer: Reference to organizations does not constitute an endorsement or a partnership. All materials are used within acceptable limits.</span>
<br>

